Microsoft atp list no category (#29755)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftDefenderAdvancedThreatProtection/ReleaseNotes/1_16_9.md

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Defender for Endpoint
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/crypto:1.0.0.74057*.

> - Fixed an issue where **microsoft-atp-list-alerts** commands *category* argument didn't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the *category* argument of the ***microsoft-atp-list-alerts*** command did not work properly.
```
